README.md, before:

# Community Solid Server

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer/main/templates/images/solid.svg"
 alt="[Solid logo]" height="150" align="right"/>

[![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@solid/community-server)](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer/blob/main/LICENSE.md)
[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@solid/community-server)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@solid/community-server)
[![Node.js version](https://img.shields.io/node/v/@solid/community-server)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@solid/community-server)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer/actions)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/265197208.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/265197208)
[![GitHub discussions](https://img.shields.io/github/discussions/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer)](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer/discussions)
[![Chat on Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/CommunitySolidServer/community.svg)](https://gitter.im/CommunitySolidServer/community)

**The Community Solid Server is open software
that provides you with a [Solid](https://solidproject.org/) Pod and identity.
This Pod acts as your own personal storage space
so you can share data with people and Solid applications.**

As an open and modular implementation of the
[Solid specifications](https://solidproject.org/TR/),
the Community Solid Server is a great companion:

- 🧑🏽 **for people** who want to try out having their own Pod

- 👨🏿‍💻 **for developers** who want to quickly create and test Solid apps

- 👩🏻‍🔬 **for researchers** who want to design new features for Solid

And, of course, for many others who like to experience Solid.

## ⚡ Running the Community Solid Server

Use [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) 14.14 or up and execute:

```shell
npx @solid/community-server
```

Now visit your brand new server at [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/)!

To persist your pod's contents between restarts, use:

```shell
npx @solid/community-server -c @css:config/file.json -f data/
```

Find more ways to run the server in the [documentation](https://communitysolidserver.github.io/CommunitySolidServer/6.x/usage/starting-server/).

## 🔧 Configure your server

Substantial changes to server behavior can be achieved via JSON configuration files.
The Community Solid Server uses [Components.js](https://componentsjs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
to specify how modules and components need to be wired together at runtime.

Recipes for configuring the server can be found at [CommunitySolidServer/recipes](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/recipes).

Examples and guidance on custom configurations
are available in the [`config` folder](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer/tree/main/config),
and the [configurations tutorial](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/tutorials/blob/main/custom-configurations.md).
There is also a [configuration generator](https://communitysolidserver.github.io/configuration-generator/).

## 👩🏽‍💻 Developing server code

The server allows writing and plugging in custom modules
without altering its base source code.

The [📗 API documentation](https://communitysolidserver.github.io/CommunitySolidServer/5.x/docs) and
the [📓 user documentation](https://communitysolidserver.github.io/CommunitySolidServer/)
can help you find your way.
There is also a repository of [📚 comprehensive tutorials](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/tutorials/)

## 📜 License

The Solid Community Server code
is copyrighted by [Inrupt Inc.](https://inrupt.com/)
and [imec](https://www.imec-int.com/)
and available under the [MIT License](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer/blob/main/LICENSE.md).

## 🎤 Feedback and questions

Don't hesitate to [start a discussion](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer/discussions)
or [report a bug](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer/issues).

Learn more about Solid at [solidproject.org](https://solidproject.org/).

Commit message:

updated readme and integrated new modification to support different file size

README.md, after:

# Community Solid Server

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer/main/templates/images/solid.svg"
 alt="[Solid logo]" height="150" align="right"/>

[![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@solid/community-server)](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer/blob/main/LICENSE.md)
[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@solid/community-server)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@solid/community-server)
[![Node.js version](https://img.shields.io/node/v/@solid/community-server)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@solid/community-server)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer/actions)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/265197208.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/265197208)
[![GitHub discussions](https://img.shields.io/github/discussions/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer)](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer/discussions)
[![Chat on Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/CommunitySolidServer/community.svg)](https://gitter.im/CommunitySolidServer/community)

**The Community Solid Server is open software
that provides you with a [Solid](https://solidproject.org/) Pod and identity.
This Pod acts as your own personal storage space
so you can share data with people and Solid applications.**

As an open and modular implementation of the
[Solid specifications](https://solidproject.org/TR/),
the Community Solid Server is a great companion:

- 🧑🏽 **for people** who want to try out having their own Pod

- 👨🏿‍💻 **for developers** who want to quickly create and test Solid apps

- 👩🏻‍🔬 **for researchers** who want to design new features for Solid

And, of course, for many others who like to experience Solid.

## ⚡ Running the Community Solid Server

This is a modified version of Community Solid Sever, Use [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) 14.14 or up and execute:

```shell
npm install
npm run modified-css
```

Now visit your brand new server at [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/)!

## 🔧 Configure your server

Substantial changes to server behavior can be achieved via JSON configuration files.
The Community Solid Server uses [Components.js](https://componentsjs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
to specify how modules and components need to be wired together at runtime.

Recipes for configuring the server can be found at [CommunitySolidServer/recipes](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/recipes).

Examples and guidance on custom configurations
are available in the [`config` folder](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer/tree/main/config),
and the [configurations tutorial](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/tutorials/blob/main/custom-configurations.md).
There is also a [configuration generator](https://communitysolidserver.github.io/configuration-generator/).

## 👩🏽‍💻 Developing server code

The server allows writing and plugging in custom modules
without altering its base source code.

The [📗 API documentation](https://communitysolidserver.github.io/CommunitySolidServer/5.x/docs) and
the [📓 user documentation](https://communitysolidserver.github.io/CommunitySolidServer/)
can help you find your way.
There is also a repository of [📚 comprehensive tutorials](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/tutorials/)

## 📜 License

The Solid Community Server code
is copyrighted by [Inrupt Inc.](https://inrupt.com/)
and [imec](https://www.imec-int.com/)
and available under the [MIT License](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer/blob/main/LICENSE.md).

## 🎤 Feedback and questions

Don't hesitate to [start a discussion](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer/discussions)
or [report a bug](https://github.com/CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer/issues).

Learn more about Solid at [solidproject.org](https://solidproject.org/).
